Reflection

Specular reflection: Mirror-like; Light reflects from a defined angle
Diffuse reflection: Rough surface; Light reflects from all angles

Law of reflection:
 - Light reflects at the angle of incident from the normal on the surface it collided with.

Refraction:
 - Snell's law defines the direction of refraction
 - Fresnel's equation computes how much light is refracted vs reflected

Specular Reflection:
 - Reflections from a surface that are not completely diffuse, but not perfectly reflective like a mirror.
   Examples would include glossy surfaces, or the surface of rippling water? etc...

Diffuse Reflection:
 - Rough surfaces. Light reflects from every direction - the direction of the incoming photon has
   seemingly no correspondance with the direction of the outgoing photon  becuase of the large number of 
   refractions and reflections within the surface of the object.

Subsurface scattering:
 - Another word for translucency. Light will be visible from un-illuminated side of an object due to
   light scattering through and back out of the object's surface in random directions.

Indirect Diffuse
 - When an object is illuminated by light reflected from a diffuse reflection

Indirect Specular or Caustics
 - When an object is illuminated by light reflected from a specular reflection
 - Caustic are lines or patterns that occur indirectly due to specular reflection

Shading and Light Transport
 - Shading is simulating how light interacts with objects
 - Light Transport is simulating how light travels from one surface to another

In ray tracing, in addition to the shadow ray, additional "secondary rays" are used to compute indirect
illumination. The origin of a secondary ray is the point of reflection from another surface.

The actual amount of light that is reflected from a surface depends on the surface properties. This is
computed using a Shader. Only a few directions are sampled and averaged to approximate illumination in
practice. "Monte Carlo ray tracing"

In practice, this is why ray tracing is slow. If a primary ray spawns 32 secondary rays when colliding
with an object, those 32 rays will spawn another 32 rays, and after three bounces, a total of 32786 rays
have been spawned. The amount of rays are increasing exponentially.

This ray path tracing method is called unidirectional path tracing, and is one of several light transport
models used. Unidirectional because the rays course goes from eye to light source.

In real-time graphics, other methods are used, like shadow mapping.