Ray Path Tracing
Tracing the path of photons from a source to a destination.

Forward (Light) Ray Tracing
Pixels are illuminated by following the path of the light source to each pixel. 
Too many photons need to be emitted to illuminate all the pixels on the screen, and so a different method
is used. (Many photons are needed because obviously the photons wouldn't all be reflected back into the
eye, but in random directions. In practice, illuminating an entire object would be like filling in dots
over time, and there is no guarentee that all the dots making up the final image would be visible,
or in other words, that not all photons arrived at the eye from every possible refraction angle. Parts
of the image would be missing.

Backward (Eye) Ray Tracing
Instead of tracing the photon from the light source, it is emanated from the eye and traced back to the
light source.
This ray is called primary ray, visibility ray, or camera ray.

Shadow Ray
After a ray emanating from the eye collides with an object, another ray is cast to the light source.
This second ray is called the shadow ray. If the shadow ray collides with an object other than the light
source, then the first object is in the shadow of the second object the shadow ray collided with.

Reflection and Refraction

Index of Refraction
Information about how rays of light bend when entering an object's surface.
For an object like glass that reflects and refracts light, a combination of the two values will have
to be calculated using the Fresnel Equation. This computes the reflection color, the reflection color,
and then mixes them together (using the Fresnel Equation).

 * Reflection
	- Normal of the point of intersection
	- Primary ray direction
	- Use the above to calculate the reflection direction. A new ray is emenated from this direction.
	  This new ray is used to test collisions with other objects, which then emits a shadow ray towards
	  the light source. This ray returns a color (0 if in shadow) that is multiplied by the light
	  intensity and returned to the glass ball's surface.
 * Refraction (Transmission Ray)
	- Normal of the point of intersection
	- Primary ray direction
	- Refractive index of surface
	- The transmission ray continues through the surface then refracted one more time. Refraction occurs
	  every time there is a change of medium.
	- The refracted ray is then test for collisions in the direction it refracts out of the surface. This
	  ray returns a color just like the previous case.
	- The Fresnel's Equations is used using the refractive index of the object the ray passed through,
	  the angle between the primary ray and the normal at the hit point. Fresnel's equation returns
	  the mixing of the two values (using a dot product).

In practice, rays may continue to refract and reflect forever in and out of each other. The algorithm to
calculate the result has to terminate, and so an arbitrary depth is used to terminate after so many
ray hits.